"synthetic data save costs" - add chat template (#1821)
huggingface/blog: synthetic-data-save-costs.md

Label: """
```

> Before we can pass this prompt to the API, we need to add some formatting to the prompt. Most LLMs today are fine-tuned with a specific chat template. This template consists of special tokens, which enable LLMs to distinguish between the user's instructions, the system prompt, and its own responses in a chat history. Although we are not using the model as a chat bot here, omitting the chat template can still lead to silently performance degradation. You can use the `tokenizer` to add the special tokens of the model's chat template automatically (read more [here](https://huggingface.co/blog/chat-templates)). For our example, we use the `Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1` model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we can pass this prompt to the API, we need to add some formatting to the prompt. Most LLMs today are fine-tuned with a specific chat template. This template consists of special tokens, which enable LLMs to distinguish between the user's instructions, the system prompt, and previous user-LLM turns in the conversation. Although we are not using the model as a chat bot here, omitting the chat template can still lead to silent performance degradation. You can use the `tokenizer` to add the special tokens of the model's chat template automatically (read more [here](https://huggingface.co/blog/chat-templates)). For our example, we use the `Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1` model. 
```

```python
from transformers import AutoTokenizer

tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("mistralai/Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1")

chat_financial_sentiment = [{"role": "user", "content": prompt_financial_sentiment}]

prompt_financial_sentiment = tokenizer.apply_chat_template(chat_financial_sentiment, tokenize=False)

> # The prompt now includes special tokens: '<s>[INST] You are a highly qualified expert ...  [/INST]'

Reviewer: One idea to explore in the future would be to check whether the high-level instructions ("you are a highly qualified expert...") work better as a system prompt, or if it doesn't matter :)

```

> The formatted annotation instruction (prompt) can now be passed to the LLM API. We use the free Hugging Face [serverless Inference API](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/index). The API is ideal for testing popular models. Note that you might encounter rate limits if you send too much data to the free API, as it is shared among many users. For larger workloads, we recommend creating a [dedicated Inference Endpoint](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index). A dedicated Inference Endpoint is essentially your own personal paid API, which you can flexibly turn on and off. 

Reviewer: ❤️
